Readme.md, before:

# Novacron : Manage `Laravel` schedule the `Nova` way

Manage your `Laravel` schedule through Nova. 

> This is a work in progress. Please cotinue on your own risk

## Installation

You can install the package in to a Laravel app that uses [Nova](https://nova.laravel.com) via composer:

```bash
composer require studio/novacron
```

Next up, you must register the tool with Nova. This is typically done in the `tools` method of the `NovaServiceProvider`.

```php
// in app/Providers/NovaServiceProvider.php

// ...

public function tools()
{
    return [
        // ...
        new \Studio\Novacron\Novacron(),
    ];
}
```

## Usage

Click on the "Novacron" menu item in your Nova app to see the features provided by this package.

## Testing

``` bash
composer test
```
## Screenshots

##### Task Index View

![](resources/img/screenshots/index.png)

##### Task Details View

![](resources/img/screenshots/details-view.png)

##### Task Edit View

![](resources/img/screenshots/edit-view.png)

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](Changelog.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](Contributing.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email opensource@codestudiollc.com instead of using the issue tracker.


## Credits

- [Roshan Gautam](https://github.com/roshangautam)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](License.md) for more information.

Commit message:

chore : alpha warning in readme

Readme.md, after:

# Novacron

Manage your `Laravel` schedule through `Nova`.

***Warning : This is an in flight alpha Version. Please use at your own risk***

## Installation

You can install the package in to a Laravel app that uses [Nova](https://nova.laravel.com) via composer:

```bash
composer require studio/novacron
```

Next up, you must register the tool with Nova. This is typically done in the `tools` method of the `NovaServiceProvider`.

```php
// in app/Providers/NovaServiceProvider.php

// ...

public function tools()
{
    return [
        // ...
        new \Studio\Novacron\Novacron(),
    ];
}
```

## Usage

Click on the "Novacron" menu item in your Nova app to see the features provided by this package.

## Testing

``` bash
composer test
```
## Screenshots

##### Task Index View

![](resources/img/screenshots/index.png)

##### Task Details View

![](resources/img/screenshots/details-view.png)

##### Task Edit View

![](resources/img/screenshots/edit-view.png)

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](Changelog.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](Contributing.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email opensource@codestudiollc.com instead of using the issue tracker.


## Credits

- [Roshan Gautam](https://github.com/roshangautam)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](License.md) for more information.
